[CUMULUS-2510] Publish SNS messages for executions (#2422)
nasa/cumulus: CHANGELOG.md

  - **CUMULUS-2634**
    - Changed `sfEventSqsToDbRecords` Lambda to use new upsert helpers for executions, granules, and PDRs
    to ensure out-of-order writes are handled correctly when writing to Elasticsearch
  - **CUMULUS-2510**
    - Removed `stream_enabled` and `stream_view_type` from `executions_table` TF
      definition.

>     - Removed `aws_lambda_event_source_mapping` TF definition on executions DynamoDB table.

Reviewer: These should go under a `Removed` header

Author: https://github.com/nasa/cumulus/pull/2422/commits/bd0112b50cc0fda564ec0be0a84a830659daf1ea

    - Updated `@cumulus/sfEventSqsToDbRecords/write-execution` to publish SNS
      messages after a successful write to Postgres, DynamoDB, and ES.
    - Updated `@cumulus/api/endpoints/executions` to publish an SNS message
      after a successful execution DELETE.
    - Updated functions `create` and `upsert` in the `db` model for Executions

>       to return an array of objects containing values of the created or updated
>       columns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      to return an array of objects containing all the columns of the created or updated records.
```

Author: [`bd0112b` (#2422)](https://github.com/nasa/cumulus/pull/2422/commits/bd0112b50cc0fda564ec0be0a84a830659daf1ea)

    - Changed `sfEventSqsToDbRecords` Lambda to use new upsert helpers for executions, granules, and PDRs
    to ensure out-of-order writes are handled correctly when writing to Elasticsearch
  - **CUMULUS-2510**
    - Updated `@cumulus/sfEventSqsToDbRecords/write-execution` to publish SNS
      messages after a successful write to Postgres, DynamoDB, and ES.

>     - Updated `@cumulus/api/endpoints/executions` to publish an SNS message

Reviewer: This is no longer true

Author: Ah good catch

Author: [`36eef2c` (#2422)](https://github.com/nasa/cumulus/pull/2422/commits/36eef2c1080a9bdefcb81119a18d230ca78266d5)
